Add unique_id to history_stats.markdown (#27371)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/history_stats.markdown

  description: The entity you want to track.
  required: true
  type: string
unique_id:

>   description: An ID that uniquely identifies this entity. This allows changing the `name`, `icon` and `entity_id` from the web interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: An ID that uniquely identifies this entity. Set this to a unique value to allow customization through the UI.
```

Let's go with something more generic since the UI may change over time and allow additional customizations which would make this stale.

>   description: An ID that uniquely identifies this entity. This allows changing the `name`, `icon` and `entity_id` from the web interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: An ID that uniquely identifies this entity. Set this to a unique value to allow customization through the UI.
```

Let's go with something more generic since the UI may change over time and allow additional customizations which would make this stale.
